Hello-world
Hi Im Todd Im a middleweight coder closer to a learner and by far from a pro mostly just a dude trying 
to get by the best he can. I like My ADHD swerve style bwomp groove I got going on
It suits Me and Im used to it but it IS a bad thing if Im off My
meds. Then Im all over the place with post it notes coverinv everything telling Me what I need
to do and accomplish and where Im at and trying to keep ADHD organized
which just doesnt happen try as I might I may miss out on some action
now that Im 38 My party days are mostly behind Me and nothing
is as sad as losers living their glory days by and gone especially if they happened in high school
especially when youre 38. I coildve been a preschooler and graduatrd and
gotten into college all over again. Im a year away from a Iniversity of Michigan
law degree which is awesome but I loved coding and computer svience since I was a kid
in the woe begone days of DOS prompt and C:// drive prompt. You could format someones
computer just by hitting C://format drive C://Run and the computer
would just go ahead and delete itself till it couldnt go anymore
basically there was nothing left useable for it to use to format itself with. Lol.
That was the funniest hacker gag at the time besides the black diskette
of your copy of the anarchist cookbook back when blackboxing was actually a thing
you could do with a purpose now you cant anymore its all DVR's and electronic WIFI systems
running everything now not a lil black box on top of your TV that was the cable box and you
could create one using spare parts and some computer code. All 1's and 0's real actual binary code
the way My uncle Dick typed it for a living. Best words he ever told Me Toxd you dont need to learn homerow
to type I do it all day with just two fingers 11100010101100101100 and on and on
seems like Id forget where the f I was at and screw the whole operation up or itd be so damn
mind numbing after like an hour of that crap Id wanna play Russian roullette the next hour deer hunter style
oh day mow oh day mow you fire now or you go. Nicky ya gotta do it if ya dont do it theyre gonna throw ya in da pit an ya gonna die!
watch that movie if you havent seen it. Anyways I wouldnt down anyone for wanting to learn the law especially if
they had a big trial coming up. Id do the same thing. A defendant who represents
themselves DOES NOT have a fool for a client! Attorneys make the law sound
more complicated so you think you need them! Straight from a bonafide attorney. Ive defended Myself in over 8 cases and won em all!
granted 4 of em were civil suits and 2 were traffic court but theyre good practice and honing
uour skills and craft in traffic court is a good way to save money and points off your license too! So I wouldnt expect
anyone to give ME crap for learning to code right now and not at 20 at NYU. My bfother went to NYU for computer science. I dunno if
he even uses any degrees he has. and thats his masters degree he got there. Some
of the crap those kids can do is scary! Seriously! Dont mess with an NYU grad!
So to all the ppl who have hacked My phone before and leave your info in the legal notices the privacy practices and notifications
dont have Me send big brother on you cuz you actually DONT KNOW ANUTHING ABOUT ME OR WHO YOURE MESSING WITH REMEMBER THAT DONT BE SO COCKY
JUST CUZ SOME FRIZZY HAIRED STONER FEEDS YOU SOME LIES HE MAY BE THE ONE STABBING YOOOUU IN THE BACK!!! BEWARE!!! But those stoners live in high school and dont
realize its been 7 years since I hung out with them. I sobered up and went to U of M
and got a law degree and made hse of something I excel at. Thats hedging My bets
the coding is because it brings joy to My life and enriches My existence to learn computer science
I DO NOT like little thieving hacker thugs who are a constant data risk
if you cant put your hands on it dont touch the boobs cheif. Thats the golden rule
dont touch the hot corners or dwell the mouse to perform an action thats cheating so is
voice commands and lonv range on board keyboards like hacking with a mac using jt to hack a phone
you proud of yourself? No crap you got it you were up against inferior technology jag off
these hacked punks are all cocky no brains all balls drug addled full tweaking on adderall cheating like I 
take MINE as perscribed cuz Im NOT a junkie like students using it to cdam finals no I do not sell My script f off
people need to just pony up what do YOU GOT? You got ANYTHING WORTH VALUE? Some fing ludes? fing ludes man! 
